last June the Boston Celtics won their
16th NBA title in triumphant fashion
over a surprised opponent the Houston
Rockets had impressed everyone as the
new power in the West
having crushed the Lakers before finally
bowing to Boston a new rivalry is seem
to be born
this year both Houston that Boston to a
lesser extent are struggling injuries
have limited the Celtics Bill Walton in
particular the team in general but
things are worse in Houston injuries to
both of the rockets Twin Towers off the
court rumors of internal friction and
the latest bombshell two players
dismissed from league play for drugs
today these two teams return to the
garden for the first time since the
champagne flows last spring but this is
a new year and the rivalry resumes with
many new questions to answer
in three-point range
defense by Olajuwon foul and
get on the board with nearly three and a
half minutes gone by in this game Elijah
Wan playing Parrish is a a good matchup
to watch because Parrish can get bounced
out at a low post position he's in the
sweet spot right now and that good up
fake allows the Parrish to make the shot
and pick up the foul on Elijah one Akeem
first in a three-point play for Parrish
is deeply kind of got lost emotionally
in that final game so that's why it'll
be interesting to see how he responds in
his first game back at Boston Garden
after that nightmare bird
the solfege fleet nine to six Johnson
guarded by Reid gambling his Samson
all the way by bird
it's the Chuck Robert Reid why the
season high of 26 against the Bulls
Wednesday brings the Rockets to within
five he's got his outside shooting judge
back in order they can forget that
first lay up late under the hoop what a
play
I'll tell you super basketball player
we have under two minutes now remain
there's heating up at Boston Garden it's
20 to 19 sulphate so now it's 20
Samson
get up for the selfie today
36 to 33 Celtics bird wanted to pass
into Paris
coaches would say you're out of the game
that easy to get in that dog out for a
seven foot four guy huh well you get a
foot named Samson all over Paris bird
great play by
michail guarded now doubled with Reed
and Peterson finds the open man Johnson
who finds a federal
Bopha tennis Josh not maintain the lead
when they've gone to the bench but they
haven't really opened up any kind of a
lead in the Rockets and stayed in good
faith my bird
parents at 15
communities for the shellfish the TT
McKean grape fake bird on Anderson flips
the height
little up fake Edison goes for it and
now Elijah Wood has to adjust and that
leaves tight open Elijah wine gets back
to him but picks up the foul and is
three on Elijah one three wild set bird
has it five seconds aims over his
shoulder two seconds to go
great kite put it up in the nick of time
long pissed by Barry
Ames work sat down trying to find a shot
now goes over but what's kite gets
nudged out in a play and still converts
often got up there in the perfect spot
many fields should have taken the shot
however and they would have got an easy
one two and a half minutes elapsed here
in the third period with 20
and that hard push doesn't allowed his
double team to get down at Elijah wine
quickly Sampson tried to knock the ball
away from Erica
- on birch eating that bird with his
23rd point
as long as three points route of the
season the team
bird
now
we're not done here
Mike Mathis goes over to the scorer's
table Nucky's Allen level was hit with a
technical foul which will be shot as we
start this fourth period dick Stockton
and Tom Heinsohn here at Boston Garden
here was Larry Bird's shot what a great
pick by Robert Parish on Maxwell to
create this opening but look at bird
right in that corner and I'll tell you
that is one tough shot when you're
totally set let alone leaning like Larry
was number that 12 and the Rockets
turned it over again
to see sting great pass by her to the
baseline
the suffix again a 20-point
99 to 81 the Celtic and seventh and a
half to play
bird will shoot off yet